---
title: 2021 02 02
date: 2021-02-02 09:29:27
tags: [每日打卡]
---
# 英语学习
## 扇贝
**exception**: particular.|**expect**: believe it will happen.<br>
**splash**: play water.<br>
**vow**: promise.<br>
**creep**: move quietly and slowly.<br>
**swindle**: deceive.<br>
**heed**: pay attention to.<br>
**devise**: have the idea or design a plan,system,or machine.|**device**: equipment.<br>
**dispel**: to dispel an idea that people have means to stop them having it.<br>
**interfere**: get involved in.<br>
**tame**: a tame animal or bird is one that is not afraid of humans.<br>
**nomadic**: travel from place to place.<br>
**prelude**: start.<br>
**erratic**：uncertain.<br>
**consent**: permission.<br>
**synonym**: -antonym.<br>
**brighten**: suddenly look happier./interested or excited.<br>
**millennium**: the Millennium.<br>
**cradle**: a frame supports or protects something.<br>
**replica**: copy.<br>
**quotient**: degree.<br>
**discern**: be aware of sth.<br>
**spike**: long piece of metal with a sharp point.<br>
**entrepreneur**: businesses man.<br>
**scorch**: burn it slightly.|**torch**: huoju.<br>
**bluster**: speaking aggressively but without authority.<br>
**connote**: makes you think of a particular idea.<br>
**upsurge**: up surge.<br>
**meditate**: think about sth carefully and deeply for a long time.<br>

## TuesMagique
>[The coming splurge on northern infrastructure](https://www.economist.com/britain/2020/01/09/the-coming-splurge-on-northern-infrastructure)
- coming splurge 很酷的表达<br>
- One even got the go-ahead in 2009 only to be put on hold again a year later.|**only->but**
- Under the fiscal rules the Tories proposed to adopt during the election campaign, public-sector capital spending is due to rise from just over 2% of gdp to 3%.|**adpot**,**capital**
- That amounts to<br>
分成两天读吧 太难了555
复习比学习更加重要
## 白嫖流利说
scarce: not enough.<br>
shatter: make sth suddenly break into small pieces.

# 吉他
和弦：大三、小三、增三、减三和弦；七和弦、九和弦。

# AcWing
终于准备重拾AcWing了哈哈哈哈

```c++
#include <iostream>
using namespace std;
int main()
{
    cout << "Heelo World"<< endl;
    return 0;
}
```
- 两个重要的头文件：cstdio iostream
- **cstdio**:scanf/printf | **iostream**:cin/cout <br>
- namespace:命名空间<br>
- 程序入口 return 0<br>
- 变量:bool-1byte char-1byte int-4byte float-4byte double-8byte<br>
- 科学计数法float a = 1.235e2.<br>
- longlong 后面要加LL.