---
title: 2021 02 06
date: 2021-02-06 11:36:53
tags: [每日打卡]
---
# 英语
## 扇贝单词
**paradoxical**: involves two facts which seem to contradict each other.<br>
**crave**: want to have something very much.<br>
**blaze**: fire blaze/light - extremely bright.<br>
**desolate**: empty of people and lacking in comfort.<br>
**exhaustion**: being so tired that you have no energy left.<br>
**concede**: admit unwillingly.<br>
**disputable**: dispute - able.<br>
**wholesome**: to have a positive influence on people's behaviour.<br>
**civilize**: educate and improve their way of life.<br>
**heroine**: female hero.|**heroin**<br>
**rash**: without thinking carefully.|**rash of** - plenty of.<br>
**radical**: 1.important and great in degree. 2.radical people - conservative people.<br>
**subordination**: subordinate -> tion<br>
## 白嫖流利说
```
 Amanda Gorman at Biden's inauguration reminded me: politics needs poetry
```
> Obama-endorsed and wearing gold-clipped braids and Oprah-gifted earrings | **endorse**: declare one's public approval or support of.<br>


> Explored grief, redemption and recovery, and wowed the world.|grief redemption.<br>


> Our people diverse and beautiful will emerge, battered and beautiful.这句话好难读懂<br>


> Spoken word is a craft and a powerful art form, from the cadence to the delivery, to the subtle choreography.<br>


> Poets are vendors of aspiration and are always fashioning together depictions of a better tomorrow, but it's fair to ask if they are ever truly listened to in political spaces.|vendor这个词做的比较好<br>


**inauguration**: the beginning or introduction of a system, policy, or period.<br>
**paramount**: more important than anything else;<br>

## 讲座
今日久违的参加了组会，听了吕老师的汇报，了解到科技创新2030方面脑计划的相关内容，之后可能会有用到。<br>
